13: Collect logs from the container (#16)
exasol/exasol-testcontainers: doc/system_requirements.md

* [feat~bucketfs-access~1](#bucketfs-access)

Needs: dsn

### Log Access

> During the installation process and while running the Exasol installation inside the Docker container produces a log of log file. Integrators need access to those logs in order to see what is going on inside the Exasol platform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
During the installation process and while running the Exasol installation inside the Docker container produces a lot of log files. Integrators need access to those logs in order to see what is going on inside the Exasol platform.
```

Or you can change `a lot of` to `several` (a lot and log can be confusing).
